In the following presentation you will
hear a speaker discuss a debate in sports.
For years,
sports enthusiasts have debated which
activities can be called sports
versus which should be regarded
as games or forms of art.
Supporters of limiting the
use of the word “sport”
claim that to be a sport an activity
must be measured quantitatively.
For example, they
consider soccer a sport
because the winner is determined
by the number of goals scored.
In contrast,
they do not classify
figure skating as a sport
since judges give scores based
on personal evaluation.
Therein lies a contradiction, however.
One cannot call skiing a sport when
it involves a timed downhill race,
and then call it something else in
a competition of aerial tricks.
Moreover,
golf depends upon the quantitative measurement
of strokes to determine a winner.
However, the people in favor of limiting
what activities can be called sports
do not consider golf a sport.
Maybe the term “sport” should be defined as
any activity that is based on competition,
thereby eliminating restrictions
based on the method
with which winners are determined.
Without the competition, it’s just
a display of physical talent.
The heart of sports, after all,
is the fight to be the best.